♪ I just wanna say ♪
♪ Life wouldn't be
the same here without you ♪
♪ Without you ♪
♪ Through the good and bad ♪
♪ Of all that
we've been through ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ Hold onto me ♪
♪ And I'll return it ♪
♪ With nothing less
than all of me ♪
♪ I'll never feel alone ♪
♪ As long as you
walk beside me ♪♪
[instrumental music]
I can't believe you did that.
It wasn't my fault.
I didn't do anything wrong.
Well, fine, you can ask them.
Ask us what?
You guys have to promise
not to judge me.
Ooh, then I should go.
Look, last night,
I'm out at this club, right
and I'm dancing.
Now, next thing I know,
this girl
she starts dancing with me.
Now, now, we were good.
I mean, I was all..
And she was all..
All of a sudden,
she starts kissing me.
After you danced like that?
I mean, I stopped her, you know?
I said to her,
"Hey, girl
"I've got a girlfriend,
and she's in France.
And I do not need this."
I said that in my head.
But the point is I stopped her.
- But you kissed another girl.
- Yeah, that's disgusting.
Well, you said
you wouldn't judge me.
No, I'm judging her.
What Gary wants to know is,
was this cheating?
- Now, I personally think--
- Ah-ah, let them answer.
Totally cheating.
Oh, man.
I don't know what to do.
I mean, Jill and I have always
been honest with each other.
Should I tell her?
Well, if you can sleep at night
knowing that you cheated
on your girlfriend
of ten months,
then don't tell her
but I personally
couldn't live with myself.
Good answer.
- Well, I couldn't.
- Aww.
Muah.
You guys make me sick.
Well, what do you think?
Hey, I'm still in shock that
you even have a girlfriend.
[upbeat music]
Hey!
- Hi. What are you doing here?
- I just joined.
I figure,
I work in the building
I might as well use this gym.
You know, you really should come
up to the office and say hi.
No, that'd be kind of weird
going back there
after I made such a big deal
about quitting.
Oh, that's okay.
I told everybody I fired you.
Hey, you went to Columbia?
I went to Yale.
High-five, okay, look.
I really don't like to talk
while I'm working out.
Oh, that's actually
really good for you.
It increases your
respiratory heart rate.
There is no such thing
as a respiratory heart rate.
Oh. Maybe I shoulda
have went to Columbia.
Okay. Look, can you just
stop doing that?
- What?
- You're looking at me.
Oh. Well, I thought
you were looking at me.
Why would I be looking at you?
[scoffs]
Look at me.
I like to come to the gym
and have a little time to myself
okay, and it really
makes me uncomfortable
to have you there...watching me.
Well, I don't want to
make you uncomfortable.
Thank you.
[beeping]
I'm gaining on you!
[upbeat music]
You laid out all the pieces
like the picture in the manual.
Yep.
You a little
obsessive-compulsive?
No, I just think everyone
has more fun
when you follow
the instructions.
- Hey.
- Hey, you're home early.
Yep. Uh, Henry had
an AP Physics study group.
On a Friday night? That dude
deserves to get into Princeton.
Yeah, he's thinking about
Yale, too.
I hope he goes to Princeton.
People from Yale
are such jackasses.
Hey, my father went to Yale.
Oh. No, I'm sorry.
It's, uh,
Peter was at the gym earlier.
He went to Yale.
I'm sure your father
is a very nice man.
My father didn't go to Yale.
He's a loser.
- So, Peter goes to your gym?
- Yes. How annoying is that?
So, why don't you
go to a new gym?
I can't.
The mean membership lady
won't let me out of my contract.
She had a lot of attitude
for somebody named Becky.
So, are you just
going to get fat now?
No. That's why
I'm going to work out at night.
He-hee. He'll never see me.
So it's Friday night
and you're going to the gym.
And you're staying home.
You guys are animals.
Yeah, I guess
putting together a barbecue
is off the heezie, yo.
I tell you what.
What if I blow this off tonight?
Hey.
A friend of mine just opened up
a coffee bar in the village
and he said
he'd give me free stuff.
- You want to go?
- Ooh, sure, sounds fun.
- Wait, wait!
- Cool, let's-let's go.
- What about my barbecue?
- Take it easy.
I'll set it
all on the terrace
and put it together tomorrow.
Right after work.
- Hey.
- Yeah.
Are you sure
this is such a good idea?
- What?
- You and Vince going out.
I mean, how do you think
Henry's going to feel?
Glad that I'm not bored.
He felt pretty bad about
abandoning me on a Friday night.
- Vince is, uh..
- What? He's a nice guy.
Yeah, no, he is a nice guy,
but he's not a..
...nice guy nice guy,
you know what I'm saying?
He-he's kind of
more of a player.
Okay, Val, I think
I can control myself.
- We're just friends.
- Okay.
But that's what every girl says
until she gets played.
Um, this bolt got separated
from the herd.
Do you know
which part this is for?
What?
No. No, no, I don't see
that one anywhere.
Oh, God, how can this be?
It's an extra bolt
for my bike seat.
How long do you think it'll be
till her head explodes?
[upbeat music]
Excuse me, uh, Becky. Hi.
I can't let you
out of your contract. God.
- Hey, Pete.
- Hey, Beck.
Hi, Val.
Well, uh, you, I thought
you worked out in the morning.
Yeah, I do,
I work out in the morning
so I can come here
and look like this at night.
I'm just going to be
completely honest with you.
You must leave my gym.
- Okay.
- Really?
No. No. It's way
too convenient for me here.
Come on, why don't you
join another gym?
I can't.
That mean Becky
won't let me out of my contract.
The thing is, this is my place.
My place to come and-and think.
My place to not have to talk,
and you are a distraction.
So I really bother you
that much?
Yeah.
Well, ahem, I think maybe
you should examine that.
- What?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I think maybe there are
some underlying reasons
as to why you might find me
such a distraction.
Oh, my God.
Okay, look
maybe there are
underlying reasons
why you always work out
at the same time I do.
Why you're always
working out next to me, hmm
why you're always talk, talk,
talking to me.
Yeah, there are.
I like you.
Ah, see?
What?
I like you.
I know.
I don't really get it, either.
I mean, look at this place.
It's packed with beautiful women
in spandex outfits.
And you're here
with your hair all stuck
to your sweaty forehead
and you're frowning at me
all the time
and I can't stop looking at you.
Ha-ha! See, I knew
you were looking at me.
[upbeat music]
Oh, my God, I'm, like,
up to here in lattes.
You know, just because
something's free
doesn't mean you have to have
20 of them.
That's so not my philosophy.
Hey, no use wasting
my caffeine buzz.
I could put that grill
together.
- Ooh.
- Got any tools?
Yes.
Here you go.
Could take a while.
I'll keep you company.
Okay.
Tools needed...baby hammer.
- Got it.
- Brr, it's freezing out here.
Oh, here, take my jacket.
Oh, aren't you going to be cold?
- Nah, I'm fine.
- Thank you.
Okay. So let's put
the body together first.
- Hand me that shelf.
- Yeah.
- Ow!
- What? What?
Ooh, a splinter.
- Let me see it.
- No, it hurts.
Come here.
What are those tweezers for?
To clean your eyebrows
up a little.
- To take your splinter out.
- Oh, no, it'll dissolve.
Come here.
You're unbelievable.
You want to see pain?
Huh? You like that?
Gross. How did you get that?
Weirdest day of my life.
I get this call for a bike run
to some lawyer's office.
They tell me I got 15 minutes
to deliver this envelope.
Matter of life and death,
they say.
Which, obviously, I'm all over.
So, traffic's, like,
bumper to bumper.
- I'm weaving in and out--
- You got hit by a car?
Damn, you're sucking the drama
right out of this.
Sorry. Okay, go.
So I get to the lawyer's office
I haul ass into the building
and there's, like, 9000 people
waiting for the elevator.
So I think...stairs.
So the clock's ticking. I got
30 seconds to get up there.
I hit the eighth floor landing,
and there's this huge dude
just standing there and he's
like, "Give me the envelope."
And I'm, like, "Dude, take it up
with the lawyer guy.
I got a job to do."
So I make a move, and the guy
puts his hand in his pocket
and pulls out a freakin' gun.
- Oh, my God!
- I know!
So...so I blow past him
and run up the stairs
as fast as I can.
- And?
- He shot me.
Oh, my God.
In the knee?
No. In the neck.
The bullet traveled
down my neck
through my heart,
out my lung
around my six-pack
down the leg, out the knee.
You're the biggest liar.
Yeah.
But you didn't
feel a thing, did you?
[instrumental music]
Now, come on, I'm going
to need another hand.
So, how'd you really
get that scar?
Naked grilled cheese accident.
♪ He was always there
to help her ♪
♪ She always belonged
to someone else ♪
♪ I don't mind
spending everyday ♪
♪ Out on your corner
in the pouring rain ♪
♪ Look for the girl
with a broken smile ♪
♪ Ask her if she wants to
stay a while ♪
♪ And she will be loved ♪
♪ And she will be loved ♪♪
Morning.
OJ?
It's crisp outside today.
- Nothing happened.
- Did I say anything?
- I know what you're thinking.
- I'm not thinking anything.
I got up this morning,
got dressed for the gym
took my cup of coffee
out to the terrace
and saw my little sister
sleeping with Vince.
Typical morning.
Okay, look,
we came home last night.
We were wide awake from coffee.
He put the grill together.
we talked
we fell asleep, and that's it.
- Okay.
- Nothing happened.
You know, for somebody
who claims nothing happened
you're awfully defensive.
I'm being defensive
because I know that you think
I fell under his
mysterious powers.
And, um, is that his coat?
Yes, it's Vincent's
coat of love.
Watch how it works.
Henry is my boyfriend.
Oh! I love Vince!
- Oh, God.
- What?
- I saw the sniff.
- The sniff?
- Yes, you sniffed his jacket.
- When?
Oh. And you don't even know
you did it.
Oh, my God, you're crazy.
I'm just trying to protect you.
- From what?
- From that!
- The player!
- Okay, you know what?
Maybe I should
be the one protecting you.
From what?
Is somebody putting on
a little extra gloss
for the gym, a little rouge
for the player?
Okay, this has nothing
to do with Peter.
I didn't even say Peter. Ha!
Okay, look, I'm not going to let
you turn this around on me.
Ah. For someone who doesn't like
Peter, you sure are defensive.
- He's a jerk.
- Cute top.
- But he's not my type.
- Is it new?
Fine, don't listen to me.
Excuse me.
Bathroom?
(both)
Over there.
- Hey, Val?
- Mm?
[sniffing]
I love you.
[upbeat music]
So I've been thinking about
the whole thing at the club
about that girl kissing me.
And you're right.
- I'm going to tell Jill.
- You know, I never met Jill.
But it'll be awesome
to watch her break up with you.
You know, I've given
some thought to that myself
and, you know, I think
Tina might've been right.
Why tell Jill something
that might hurt her?
I mean, things happen, things
you don't expect or plan on
it's a crazy, mixed-up world.
Alright, wait, wait.
What's going on?
Okay, something happened
last night
and I really need to
talk to you about it
but you have to promise me
you won't tell anybody.
Oh, but, come on, Holly,
it's me.
And who's Tina going to tell?
She ain't got no friends.
Okay. So you know that Henry
was studying last night.
- Yeah.
- Vince and I were hanging out..
- Oh, God.
- No, it wasn't like that.
He was putting
our barbecue together.
It got late, we fell asleep
and I woke up and he was there.
Nothing happened,
but I kind of got some feelings
that I don't think
I should be having
when I have a boyfriend.
Oh, my God, how did Vince feel?
I don't know.
Alright, well,
let me ask you this.
Would it make a difference
if Vince
felt the same way
you feel right now?
No.
I don't think so.
Well, maybe you should find out,
because until you do
you're not being fair
to yourself or.. Henry!
Okay, you don't need
to yell at me about it.
- I feel bad enough already.
- Hey.
Oh, hey, Henry!
What's Gary making you
feel bad about?
Uh...pollution
and, you know, the hole
in the ozone and all that, but..
You know what,
I don't even own a car
so back off, God.
Now look what you did. God!
God!
[upbeat music]
Hey.
Oh. Oh, hey.
I got some good news.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I, uh, I really heard
what you said
the other day
about needing your space
and I don't want to
spoil that for you.
Oh, no, I'm sorry,
I was just being--
So you can leave.
- What? Huh?
- Yeah.
I had a few drinks with Becky,
and, uh, talked to her
about letting you
out of your contract
and she said
she'd take care of it.
So you can join another gym.
Wh-wh-why would you do that?
I thought you wanted to leave.
Did you read the contract?
Because I did and, uh
I am legally bound to this gym
for the next ten months.
Well, I talked to Becky.
Well, there's no wiggle room
in the contract, okay?
It is the law.
Do you want me
to get in trouble?
- No.
- Okay then.
We will both continue
working out here
but we don't have to
speak to each other
and we don't have to
look at each other.
Okay.
[upbeat music]
[knock on door]
One sec.
- Hey.
Hey, Val said to come by
and pick up
my 40 bucks
for putting the grill together.
Oh, yeah, you know,
I thought I heard her say
something about you stopping by.
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
Actually, some of this should
go to you. You helped me.
Oh, no, I didn't do that much.
Yeah, that's true.
Hey, uh,
that was fun last night.
You mean, the, uh..
Yeah, I had fun, too.
I usually don't talk that much
when I'm with a girl.
- It was interesting.
- Interesting.
You're pretty gabby.
Yeah. You know, I,
blah, blah..
We should hang out again
sometime.
Yeah, that would be
really cool.
I'm going to this club tonight.
I could totally get you in.
Oh, yeah--
This girl I've been seeing
is singing there.
Call Henry.
See if he wants to go.
Oh, no, thanks.
Actually, I..
I think I'd, you know,
love to have some alone time
with Henry tonight.
Gotcha. Well, we can all do it
some other time then, huh?
Sure, yeah, that would be cool.
Oh. Hey, give this to Val.
Just tell her to put it
in a separate drawer
so it doesn't scare
all the tiny tools.
[giggles]
[instrumental music]
- Mmm.
- Hey.
- What smells so good?
- Steak.
Ooh. Who's barbecuing?
Is it Henry or..
It's Henry.
Vince is out on a date
with not me.
- Everyone's safe.
- Good.
- That is good, right?
- Yeah, it's good.
So, uh, how was your workout?
Oh, it was fine.
Stupid Peter was there.
But you know what?
I don't care anymore.
He can stay, I can stay.
Whatever.
What does that mean?
It means all I know is
I don't know
any more than you do.
[chuckles]
Aw. I could have told you that.
Hey, tell your boyfriend
to grill me up a giant steak
throw in a big fat potato
with butter, cheese
sour cream, bacon bits--
Oh, oink.
Hey, I got ten months
left on my gym membership.
I am going to get
my money's worth.
- Hey.
Medium rare, except for one
little piece at the end
that is so burnt
I think it's charcoal.
- Exactly how I like it.
- I know.
Because your dad
wasn't paying attention
that one time,
and he didn't see the little
piece of steak
at the edge of the grill.
So the tip of it
was totally burnt.
I can't believe
that you remember that.
I remember everything you've
ever told me...about meat.
We're good together, huh?
Damn good.
Mm.
- Hey, what happened?
- Oh, nothing. Uh, splinter.
Nothing to worry about.
Hey, these are almost done.
Could you, uh, bring me a plate?
- Oh, yeah, sure.
- Thanks.
♪ Does your love for me
have room to grow? ♪
Ooh, guess what.
I lost seven pounds!
I'm going to have me a cake.
♪ Does your love for me
have room to grow? ♪♪
[theme music]